Adding PGD commit scope/feature interop tables (#5147)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/appusage/feature-compatibility.mdx

<td style="text-align:center">  ✅ </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> <a href="../durability/camo">CAMO</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ⛔︎ </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ✅ </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ❌ </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ❌ </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> <a href="../durability/lag-control">Lag Control</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ✅ </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ✅ </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ✅  </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ✅ </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> <a href="../durability/synchronous_commit">Synchronous Commit</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ⛔︎ </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ✅ </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ✅ </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ✅ </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>                           

**Legend**:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ⛔︎ Not applicable&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ❌ Does not interoperate&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ✅ Interoperates

#### Notes

The Async column in the table represents PGD without a synchronous commit scope in use; Lag Control is not a synchronous commit scope, but a controlling commit scope and is available. 

## Commit scope/Commit scope interoperability

> Although you cannot mix commit scopes, you can daisy chain them together. This table shows where commit scopes can interoperate through daisy chaining:		

Reviewer: We talk about "combining rules" instead of "daisy-chaining" elsewhere in the documentation. I suggest sticking to that nomenclature, to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: Reference: https://deploy-preview-5147--edb-docs-staging.netlify.app/docs/pgd/latest/durability/commit-scope-rules/#combining-rules

Author: ```suggestion
Although you cannot mix commit scopes, you can [combine rules](..//durability/commit-scope-rules/#combining-rules) with an `AND` operator. This table shows where commit scopes can be combined:		
```

Reviewer: LGTM, note the double slashes in the reference.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<td style="text-align:center"></td>
<td style="text-align:center"> <a href="../durability/group-commit">Group<br/>Commit</a></td> 
<td style="text-align:center"><a href="../durability/camo">CAMO</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"><a href="../durability/lag-control">Lag<br/>Control</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"><a href="../durability/synchronous_commit">Synchronous<br/>Commit</a> </td>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td> <a href="../durability/group-commit">Group Commit</a> </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ⛔︎ </td>
<td style="text-align:center"> ❌ </td>
<td style="text-align:center">  ✅ </td>

> <td style="text-align:center">  ❌ </td>

Reviewer: See https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UbajyZZccsjFb8JVWHvC7LBEvfW5ceJ1L3UomlzvIQo/edit?disco=AAAA83DfgCQ for the related conversation.
